"how to prevent a double-click from highlighting web-page text using blank? on my html page there is an element with some text on it. i assigned an action to take place when that element is clicked. when the users click the element many times in a row, sometimes a double-click occurs, which causes the text to be selected (highlighted), thus damaging the appearance. i tried to prevent it using a dummy event handler that prevents the default behaviour of the double-click (dblclick) event. however, this doesn't seem to work. it seems the text is selected and highlighted before my dummy event handler is even executed...function donothing(event) {.  alert('donothing'); // added for debugging. the alert is shown, meaning the event handler is invoked. when i get the alert, the text is already highlighted..  if(!event) event = window.event;.  if(event.preventdefault) event.preventdefault();.  event.cancelbubble = true;.  if(event.stoppropagation) event.stoppropagation();.  return false;.}..myelem.onlick = dosomething; // this is the event for a single click. works well..myelem.ondblclick = donothing; // the event handler is called, but the text is already highlighted....specific questions:..1) has what i'm after got anything to do with the double-click event at all? (as i see the text is already highlighted when the alarm is fired, i suspect maybe it's another mechanism. i suspected the default behaviour for the (single) click event might have had something to do with it, but i cancelled the default behaviour for the (single) click event as well.)..2) if it's not got to do with the dblclick event, what's it got to do with then? how do i prevent it?..3) if it is about the dblclick event, am i doing something wrong? (btw, i guess using all of preventdefault() and cancelbubble = true and stoppropagation() and return false is an overkill. what's the minimum code i need in order to prevent the default behaviour?)..4) any other idea how to get the desired outcome (double-clicking not selecting and highlighting the text)?..i'm testing with ff 11 (but eventually need a cross-browser solution)...thanks!"
