"unable to guess a correct letter in a hangman game i am writing a hangman game which will make a user guess for a letter in a secret word. the user gets 8 guesses. if the user guesses incorrectly, they will lose one guess. if they make a correct guess, they need to guess another letter in the word until the secret word is found...i suspect this if block is not working:.. if guessletter in lettersguessed:.     pass.     print(lettersguessed)    .     print(""oops you have already guessed the letter"", + getguessedword(secretword,lettersguessed)).     print(""no of guesses left"",+ int(guesses)).     print(""available letters"",+getavailableletters(lettersguessed))...lettersguessed is a list which i believe is causing the problem...my output:.please guess a letter: a.you have 8 guesses left.available letters abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz.please guess a letter: x.you have 8 guesses left.available letters abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz.please guess a letter: x..[full code shared ] (http://codeshare.io/0u9zv)..here's the full code..how can i fix this?..the output of a winning game should look like this.....loading word list from file....55900 words loaded..welcome to the game, hangman!..i am thinking of a word that is 4 letters long...you have 8 guesses left..available letters: abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz.please guess a letter: a..good guess: _ a_ _..you have 8 guesses left..available letters: bcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz.please guess a letter: a..oops! you've already guessed that letter: _ a_ _..you have 8 guesses left..available letters: bcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz.please guess a letter: s..oops! that letter is not in my word: _ a_ _..you have 7 guesses left..available letters: bcdefghijklmnopqrtuvwxyz.please guess a letter: t..good guess: ta_ t..you have 7 guesses left..available letters: bcdefghijklmnopqruvwxyz.please guess a letter: r..oops! that letter is not in my word: ta_ t..you have 6 guesses left..available letters: bcdefghijklmnopquvwxyz.please guess a letter: m..oops! that letter is not in my word: ta_ t..you have 5 guesses left..available letters: bdefghijklmnopquvwxyz.please guess a letter: c.good guess: tact"
